babe I'm a merman guess what what is it
Robin can't you see I'm standing here
doing nothing but I smoke I us come over
care goodnight well we're gonna go
Christmas caroling Christmas caroling Oh
Robin Robin Robin you know what's gonna
happen what they're just gonna laugh at
you just like they did when you try to
skydive Robin here's what you do jump I
know just let the parish of taking where
you never never do south parachute ok
Batman here we go where you oh there he
goes how way you forgot your parachute
come back and get it hmm that's all be
different that mean I promise fine I
guess so do you bells jingle bells
jingle all the way and found is to ride
a water soap it's like Oh get you
through the snow anyone who's if it's
late here's a fish we go laughing oh my
god I'm out of me I don't really know
the lyrics are so don't think I gotta go
oh oh oh yeah oh why don't they wait
till i leave for spot it's useless Oh
Carol right it's okay Robin I know a way
to make this sound better yeah g2 bell
street bells no no no no not nothing my
name is bandana off the hizzle my name
is Robert I right to bake Frizzles I
bake little pancakes just sad to watch
me kill when I'll stir up to you without
both to take the bop boop boop guy did
about the bottom rule ah but the date
the Buffalo the book gah gah boots
touchdown unda but fine a bit about the
crime if you don't do it you'll do the
time i boot cab but do God God if you
know I also do you do it's a long with
you pukka pukka boot callaloo so what do
you think that that moved me in so many
ways you cannot even imagine how badly
that
oh oh come on why oh yeah I'll that hurt
well I hope you learned something today
Robin what's that Batman that if you
want to try anything dope because people
will just laugh at you hey looking face
the nerve to try to christmas carol and
they wearing utility bills